                                                    LIST OF MODS TO BE INSTALLED!!!



A3XAI – A3XAI is a roaming/ambient AI spawning addon for ArmA 3 Exile mod. Support for Headless Client Included.

Sarge’s AI System – This is an AI system that is intended to simulate real players roaming the map, scavenging, looting and engaging in combat.

Headless Client Setup – Headless Client is used to offload AI calculations from the server, it can be used to take load off the server for the heavy stuff and put it on the client, which can lead to higher server performance.

FuMS – FuMS is a powerful mission system designed to be used by a Headless client.

VEMF – A moderate and very stable mission system meant to be supreme at performance and reliability. Provides players with location/town invasion missions for now.

Zupa’s Capture Points – An independent addon for your Exile server. It will spawn random bases on the map which the player can go to and start capturing. This creates PVP magnets with decent rewards.

AdminToolkit – This tool is used to administrate Arma3 multiplayer servers. It also supports an option to overwrite the sections for additional features.

bAdmin – Admin Panel from A3Wasteland ported and customized for exile Features: Player Management (Infos, Spectate, Kill). Player Markers. Shop Menu (No working yet). Add Poptabs. Add Score. Teleport Menu (Map Pos, To Player, Player to). Show Server FPS. Toggle God-mode. 

Advanced Vehicle System – Fully configurable. Persistent vehicle ammo. Vehicle rearm system. Vehicle weapon and ammo blacklists (Including UAVs/Static Guns). Vehicle Thermal and Nightvision limits (Including UAVs/Static Guns). Custom persistent vehicle spawn system Fully supported by DM.  Deploy Vehicle – This is what you need if you want a player to spawn… eerr…request a bike/quad bike or any other vehicle on spawn. 

Secure Safezones – This script is made to ensure your full safety in a safezone by stopping other people to steal your vehicle and/or its contents. Fully customizable and easy to install, this should hopefully remove the big hassle of having an admin punishing safezone thieves all the time and make this process automated. 

Vehicle Service Points – Proper vehicle service points around the map where you are able to refuel, repair and rearm your vehicles! 

IgiLoad – The main task for IgiLoad script is to allow delivery of boxes and vehicles in larger vehicles. Smaller vehicles like ATV’s and SUVs can be loaded into larger trucks or helicopters.

Air Drops – Once you buy an Air Drop, The Drop Zone will be marked on the map and announced to every player. It will give you the random items worth your money.

Base Marker - XM8 App to mark your bases on the map.

Base Paint - Paint your base with different colors. It works on Walls, Floors, Doors.

Base Spawn – Spawn on your Base with a cool down timer.  Lock Pick System – Currently Exile bases, safes and cars are impossible to raid properly. With this addon I wanted to bring to Exile Mod the possibility of raiding.

Indestructible bases – It’s exactly what it says, makes them Indestructible so no one can break them. 

Xentended Base Raiding – Rig your Base with Trap Explosives, lock pick a safe. 

Battleye Filters – Create, Fix, or whitelist your BE Filters. They are known to be the most frustrating thing when running your server, and we are here to take that off of your head. 

Bounty - Most Wanted – Place a Bounty on a player, make money by doing contracts. 

BRAma Recipies – This App allows you to view from your xm8 all available crafting recipes and will show you everything required. Clicking Craft will open the regular exile crafting screen. 

Chernarus Open Buildings – So you’re running a Chernarus Server, and well… you can’t really enter many buildings. So you’re kinda forced to add more buildings and map edits around the map. This script will replace most of the non enterable buildings on chernarus with altis/arma 3 style enterable buildings (and some AiA buildings). This can easily be adapted to work with any map of course. But if you want to do that, figure it out for yourself 

Daily Reward System by GR8 - Every 24 hours, people can claim a reward, reward can include Respect, Pop Tabs or a special Item. 

Kill Messages – Custom Kill Message GUI with Gun Image by GR8 

DeathSpawn – This system is designed to have “less” total zombies for the given individual but have harder zombies should the individual run into them. 

Loot Tables – Custom Loot Tables for exilemod. We support all weapons, unit mods like : CUP, TRYK, RHS, HLC, and more. With rare, medium and high loot. 

Military Bases – We can make custom military bases for any map, We can make anything from ground up in a 3D editor, Just tell us what you are looking for. We will place all the building serverside so no one can steal it from your mission PBO.

NPC Base - Make a custom AI Base on any map, anywhere you like.

Mod Missing Warning – This gives a warning to players joining if they dont have the mod on the server. On Spawn it brings up a HUD and offers a hyperlink for the downloads needed. The smaller box will stay on screen for 1 minute then disappears. 

Presistent View Distance Menu – Press 7 to activate. Put your view distance upto 5000m. Different settings for air,ground and on foot. Save your settings through restarts. 

Rank Loadouts – Spawn Loadouts based on your respect. Higher the respect, better loadouts. You can also disable bambi status on these loadouts if you wish. Due to variety mods, you will have to add weapons, items on a rank yourself. 

UID Loadouts – Loadout menu dialog on the spawn selection screen, support for donor and respect loadouts. Each loadout can be tied into a player or their respect. There is support for deducting money from the player when using a loadout. UIDs are recorded serverside. 

Reserved Slots – Reserved slots for admins or donators. This will kick regular players out until there is more room for regular slots. Add in their UID in the script to give them access to the reserved slots. 

Revive – Custom made Revive Script for Exile! Players need a defibrillator to perform a CPR on a knocked out player. 

Selfie – Selfie app allows the allows the player to take a screenshot from the front of their player.  

Server Info Menu – An advanced but easy ServerInfoMenu that you can add to your server's mission file so that people can see all sorts of stuff you want them to see.  

Status Bar – Add a HUD on the bottom on your screen to show stats and information such as : Online Players, Hunger, Thirst, Temp, Compass, FPS, etc.

Suicide Animation - Suicide in Style with animation with a pistol to the head. 

Tanoa Bridges – 3 Different Bridges for Tanoa on different Islands 

Taru Pod Repair & Lock – This script will allow the locking, unlocking, and repairing of all taru pods using the scroll menu. I was sick of having to bind user action 1 to lock and unlock and there was no repair option for taru pods. Unless they were attatched to the taru. 

Trader City – Make a fully unique and custom trader city just for you. We support almost all maps and all mods. We will prepare the trader city in the 3D editor will all the traders you wish you have in there. 

Serverside Buildings and Traders – Hide all your buildings and trader cities serverside where a pesky PBO thieves can’t reach. It will keep your server secure, unique and out of the hands of copy cats. 

Encrypted PBO - Encrypt your Mission PBO so it cannot be opened by anyone that joins your server. 

Update PBOs on Restart – This tool will take the frustration of waiting for server restarts to push your changes to your server. Easily work on your computer and when a restart hits, all your new changes will push into the server automatically.

Watermark Logo – Very small script that lets your place an image on the bottom on your screen. It can be used to brand your server, advertise or show an important message or symbol. 

Welcome Messages – Credit Styled Welcome Messages For ExileMod. Whenever a new player or a Bambi spawns in and parashoots, You get these Beautiful Credits for a Warm Welcome to every new spawn. These can work in any map and compatible with the ExileMod Spawn Selection Menu.  

Zeus – Add Zeus Module to your exile server. This is allow you to spawn vehicles, AI, Control the AIs and spawn buildings, etc. 

Vector Building - Ability to rotate your construction items from all 4 angles. 

Hide Body – Gives a scroll option on a dead player to hide his/her body to remove traces of activity in the area or to get rid of the gear on the body. 

Loading Screen – Displays a custom screen just as the player loads in. 

Loot Positions – Loot Positions for 100s of buildings on different maps. These are some of the maps we support : Taviana Esseker Chernarus Bornholm You can request 


